[Spec][Pad-12] Pad-12 op specification (#17510)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/ops/movement/Pad_12.md

```
OUTPUT =
[[6, 7, 8, 8, 7, 6],
 [2, 3, 4, 4, 3, 2],
 [2, 3, 4, 4, 3, 2],
 [6, 7, 8, 8, 7, 6]]
Shape(4, 6)
```

**Attributes**

* *pad_mode*

  * **Description**: *pad_mode* specifies the method used to generate the padding values.
  * **Range of values**: Name of the method in string format:
    * `constant` - padded values are taken from the *pad_value* input. If the input is not provided, the padding elements are equal to zero.
    * `edge` - padded values are copied from the respective edge of the input `data` tensor.
    * `reflect` - padded values are a reflection of the input `data` tensor. Values on the edges are not duplicated, `pads_begin[D]` and `pads_end[D]` must be not greater than `data.shape[D] – 1` for any valid `D`.
    * `symmetric` - padded values are symmetrically added from the input `data` tensor. This method is similar to the `reflect`, but values on edges are duplicated. Refer to the examples above for more details. `pads_begin[D]` and `pads_end[D]` must be not greater than `data.shape[D]` for any valid `D`.
  * **Type**: `string`
  * **Required**: *yes*

**Inputs**

* **1**: `data` tensor of arbitrary shape and type *T*. **Required.**

> * **2**: `pads_begin` 1D tensor of type *T_INT*. Number of elements matches the shape rank of *data* input. Specifies the number of padding elements to add at the beginning of each axis. Negative value means shrinking of the corresponding dimension's value. **Required.**

Reviewer: may be instead of `shrinking` it is better to use `cropping`?

Author: Sounds good, updated

> * **3**: `pads_end` 1D tensor of type *T_INT*. Number of elements matches the shape rank of *data* input. Specifies the number of padding elements to add at the ending of each axis. Negative value means removal of the corresponding dimensions. **Required.**

Author: Sure, updated.

> * **4**: `pad_value` scalar tensor of type *T*. Used with the `pad_mode = "constant"` only. All new elements are populated with this value or with 0 if input not provided. Shouldn't be set for other `pad_mode` values. **Optional.**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **4**: `pad_value` scalar tensor of type *T*. Takes effect only if `pad_mode == "constant"` only. All padding elements are populated with this value or with 0 if the input is not provided. This input should not be set with other values of `pad_mode`. **Optional.**
```

**Outputs**

> * **1**: Output padded tensor of type *T* with dimensions `pads_begin[D] + data.shape[D] + pads_end[D]` for each `D` from `0` to `len(data.shape) - 1`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **1**: Padded output tensor of type *T* with dimensions `pads_begin[D] + data.shape[D] + pads_end[D]` for each `D` from `0` to `len(data.shape) - 1`.
```

> * **1**: Output padded tensor of type *T* with dimensions `pads_begin[D] + data.shape[D] + pads_end[D]` for each `D` from `0` to `len(data.shape) - 1`.

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure but maybe it should smth like this:
```suggestion
* **1**: Output padded tensor of type *T* with dimensions `max(pads_begin[D] + data.shape[D] + pads_end[D], 0)` for each `D` from `0` to `len(data.shape) - 1`.
```

I think the case with `shape[5, 7], pads_begin[-3,1], pads_end[-3,1]` might be in dynamic scenario at least. What output shape should be here? Seems like `shape[0, 9]` not `shape[-1, 9]`. Could you please clarify this moment? Thanks!

Author: Thank you for this comment. Good point, I've updated the spec with `max` according to the suggestion to avoid negative dimensions.

**Types**

* *T*: any numeric type.

> * *T_INT*: any integer type.

Reviewer: since `pads` can be negative, will it be safe to use `unsigned` types? We need to be very careful with it

Author: It seems to me that in favor of compatibility with previous Pad version, `unsigned` types can be allowed (but used at own risk).
